with lessons over for the day it's
packing up time for forest school one
but not all the orangutangs are eager to
go home come on Ellie come on come on
every evening at least one of them stays
up the tree today is ally and it's Angus
you won't get any food right we got le
Court but then Agatha's still up there
so with the trying the old come on we're
leaving
you'll get left behind trick
but the weird thing is if you listen you
can hear all over this forest and all
the other sort of classes there's
probably warned of each class still up a
tree because they're all shouting get to
this down a day and it's just come on
if you want to be a babysitter I think
you need to write your CV patience of a
saint
come on daddy go oh yeah these guys
really know what they're doing they're
me
that's very cool yeah well done
you cheeky monkey right we can go home
now
as the day draws to a close all the
classes are returning to the center and
congregating on the lawn school's out
for the orangutangs this is their last
chance to play before they're put to bed
Mikayla and I have become so fond of our
special pupils Ali Grendon Lamont and
all the other young orangutans at times
like this it's easy to forget the
tragedy that lies behind every little
face